README.md, before:

# Dogecoin for [VS  Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
Check Dogecoin price easily and see how it goes to the moon 🚀

![dogecoin-vs-code](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/felipecespedes/dogecoin-vs-code/main/images/dogecoin-vs-code.png)

## Features
- Adds an item on the activity bar where you can see:
  - Dogecoin price and its change in the last 24 hours
  - Price changes over the last 30 days
  - Add and monitor the balance of Dogecoin wallet addresses. You can add up to 3 wallet addresses
- Displays the Dogecoin price and its percentage of change in the last 24 hours in the status bar

## Authors
- [Felipe Céspedes](https://felipecespedes.github.io/)

## Supporting Dogecoin for VS Code

If you find this project useful please consider making a donation

**DOGE:** `DN3pZbf82RNA8fs6R5hc4cpTH8YZGjBSmN`

**BTC:** `18UUyFJFdNQHBN8ZK4XheEaTUCzBaQtZH6`

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/felipecespedes" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/lato-red.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height="41" width="174"></a>

## Links
- [Dogecoin VS Code - Web site](https://www.dogecoinextension.xyz/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/felipecespedes/dogecoin-vs-code)
## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/felipecespedes/dogecoin-vs-code/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details

## Contributing

Please see the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/felipecespedes/dogecoin-vs-code/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

adds installation section to readme

README.md, after:

# Dogecoin for [VS  Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
Check Dogecoin price easily and see how it goes to the moon 🚀

![dogecoin-vs-code](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/felipecespedes/dogecoin-vs-code/main/images/dogecoin-vs-code.png)

## Features
- Adds an item on the activity bar where you can see:
  - Dogecoin price and its change in the last 24 hours
  - Price changes over the last 30 days
  - Add and monitor the balance of Dogecoin wallet addresses. You can add up to 3 wallet addresses
- Displays the Dogecoin price and its percentage of change in the last 24 hours in the status bar

## Installation

Dogecoin for VS Code can be installed from the [Visual Studio Code Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=felipecespedes.dogecoin-vs-code) or by [searching within VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-gallery#_search-for-an-extension)

![installation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/felipecespedes/dogecoin-vs-code/main/images/installation.gif)

## Authors
- [Felipe Céspedes](https://felipecespedes.github.io/)

## Supporting Dogecoin for VS Code

If you find this project useful please consider making a donation

**DOGE:** `DN3pZbf82RNA8fs6R5hc4cpTH8YZGjBSmN`

**BTC:** `18UUyFJFdNQHBN8ZK4XheEaTUCzBaQtZH6`

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/felipecespedes" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/lato-red.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height="41" width="174"></a>

## Links
- [Dogecoin VS Code - Web site](https://www.dogecoinextension.xyz/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/felipecespedes/dogecoin-vs-code)
## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/felipecespedes/dogecoin-vs-code/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details

## Contributing

Please see the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/felipecespedes/dogecoin-vs-code/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
